java.lang.String cavv
java.lang.String cavvAlgorithm
java.lang.String commerceIndicator
java.lang.String eciRaw
java.lang.String xid
java.lang.String reconciliationID
java.lang.String avsLevel
java.lang.String fxQuoteID
java.lang.String returnAuthRecord
java.lang.String authType
java.lang.String verbalAuthCode
java.lang.String billPayment
java.lang.String authenticationXID
java.lang.String authorizationXID
java.lang.String industryDatatype
java.lang.String traceNumber
java.lang.String checksumKey
java.lang.String aggregatorID
java.lang.String splitTenderIndicator
java.lang.String veresEnrolled
java.lang.String paresStatus
java.lang.String linkToRequest
java.lang.String run
