java.math.BigInteger reasonCode
java.lang.String addressType
java.lang.String apartmentInfo
java.lang.String barCode
java.lang.String barCodeCheckDigit
java.lang.String careOf
java.lang.String cityInfo
java.lang.String countryInfo
java.lang.String directionalInfo
java.lang.String lvrInfo
java.math.BigInteger matchScore
java.lang.String standardizedAddress1
java.lang.String standardizedAddress2
java.lang.String standardizedAddress3
java.lang.String standardizedAddress4
java.lang.String standardizedAddressNoApt
java.lang.String standardizedCity
java.lang.String standardizedCounty
java.lang.String standardizedCSP
java.lang.String standardizedState
java.lang.String standardizedPostalCode
java.lang.String standardizedCountry
java.lang.String standardizedISOCountry
java.lang.String stateInfo
java.lang.String streetInfo
java.lang.String suffixInfo
java.lang.String postalCodeInfo
java.lang.String overallInfo
java.lang.String usInfo
java.lang.String caInfo
java.lang.String intlInfo
java.lang.String usErrorInfo
java.lang.String caErrorInfo
java.lang.String intlErrorInfo
