java.math.BigInteger reasonCode
java.lang.String paypalToken
java.lang.String payer
java.lang.String payerId
java.lang.String payerStatus
java.lang.String payerSalutation
java.lang.String payerFirstname
java.lang.String payerMiddlename
java.lang.String payerLastname
java.lang.String payerSuffix
java.lang.String payerCountry
java.lang.String payerBusiness
java.lang.String shipToName
java.lang.String shipToAddress1
java.lang.String shipToAddress2
java.lang.String shipToCity
java.lang.String shipToState
java.lang.String shipToCountry
java.lang.String shipToZip
java.lang.String addressStatus
java.lang.String payerPhone
java.lang.String avsCode
java.lang.String correlationID
java.lang.String errorCode
java.lang.String street1
java.lang.String street2
java.lang.String city
java.lang.String state
java.lang.String postalCode
java.lang.String countryCode
java.lang.String countryName
java.lang.String addressID
java.lang.String paypalBillingAgreementAcceptedStatus
