java.lang.String title
java.lang.String firstName
java.lang.String middleName
java.lang.String lastName
java.lang.String suffix
java.lang.String street1
java.lang.String street2
java.lang.String street3
java.lang.String street4
java.lang.String city
java.lang.String county
java.lang.String state
java.lang.String postalCode
java.lang.String country
java.lang.String company
java.lang.String companyTaxID
java.lang.String phoneNumber
java.lang.String email
java.lang.String ipAddress
java.lang.String ipNetworkAddress
java.lang.String hostname
java.lang.String domainName
java.lang.String dateOfBirth
java.lang.String driversLicenseNumber
java.lang.String driversLicenseState
java.lang.String ssn
java.lang.String customerID
java.lang.String httpBrowserType
java.lang.String httpBrowserEmail
java.lang.String httpBrowserCookiesAccepted
java.lang.String nif
java.lang.String personalID
