java.lang.String paypalReturn
java.lang.String paypalCancelReturn
java.lang.String paypalMaxamt
java.lang.String paypalCustomerEmail
java.lang.String paypalDesc
java.lang.String paypalReqconfirmshipping
java.lang.String paypalNoshipping
java.lang.String paypalAddressOverride
java.lang.String paypalToken
java.lang.String paypalLc
java.lang.String paypalPagestyle
java.lang.String paypalHdrimg
java.lang.String paypalHdrbordercolor
java.lang.String paypalHdrbackcolor
java.lang.String paypalPayflowcolor
java.lang.String paypalEcSetRequestID
java.lang.String paypalEcSetRequestToken
java.lang.String promoCode0
java.lang.String requestBillingAddress
java.lang.String invoiceNumber
java.lang.String paypalBillingType
java.lang.String paypalBillingAgreementDesc
java.lang.String paypalPaymentType
java.lang.String paypalBillingAgreementCustom
java.lang.String run
