java.math.BigInteger reasonCode
java.lang.String requestDateTime
java.lang.String reconciliationID
java.lang.String payerStatus
java.lang.String payerName
java.lang.String transactionType
java.lang.String feeAmount
java.lang.String payerCountry
java.lang.String pendingReason
java.lang.String paymentStatus
java.lang.String mpStatus
java.lang.String payer
java.lang.String payerID
java.lang.String payerBusiness
java.lang.String transactionID
java.lang.String desc
java.lang.String mpMax
java.lang.String paymentType
java.lang.String paymentDate
java.lang.String paymentGrossAmount
java.lang.String settleAmount
java.lang.String taxAmount
java.lang.String exchangeRate
java.lang.String paymentSourceID
