java.math.BigInteger reasonCode
java.math.BigInteger afsResult
java.math.BigInteger hostSeverity
java.lang.String consumerLocalTime
java.lang.String afsFactorCode
java.lang.String addressInfoCode
java.lang.String hotlistInfoCode
java.lang.String internetInfoCode
java.lang.String phoneInfoCode
java.lang.String suspiciousInfoCode
java.lang.String velocityInfoCode
java.lang.String identityInfoCode
java.lang.String ipCountry
java.lang.String ipState
java.lang.String ipCity
java.lang.String ipRoutingMethod
java.lang.String scoreModelUsed
java.lang.String binCountry
java.lang.String cardAccountType
java.lang.String cardScheme
java.lang.String cardIssuer
org.broadleafcommerce.vendor.cybersource.service.api.DeviceFingerprint deviceFingerprint
