java.lang.String unitPrice
java.math.BigInteger quantity
java.lang.String productCode
java.lang.String productName
java.lang.String productSKU
java.lang.String productRisk
java.lang.String taxAmount
java.lang.String cityOverrideAmount
java.lang.String cityOverrideRate
java.lang.String countyOverrideAmount
java.lang.String countyOverrideRate
java.lang.String districtOverrideAmount
java.lang.String districtOverrideRate
java.lang.String stateOverrideAmount
java.lang.String stateOverrideRate
java.lang.String countryOverrideAmount
java.lang.String countryOverrideRate
java.lang.String orderAcceptanceCity
java.lang.String orderAcceptanceCounty
java.lang.String orderAcceptanceCountry
java.lang.String orderAcceptanceState
java.lang.String orderAcceptancePostalCode
java.lang.String orderOriginCity
java.lang.String orderOriginCounty
java.lang.String orderOriginCountry
java.lang.String orderOriginState
java.lang.String orderOriginPostalCode
java.lang.String shipFromCity
java.lang.String shipFromCounty
java.lang.String shipFromCountry
java.lang.String shipFromState
java.lang.String shipFromPostalCode
java.lang.String export
java.lang.String noExport
java.lang.String nationalTax
java.lang.String vatRate
java.lang.String sellerRegistration
java.lang.String buyerRegistration
java.lang.String middlemanRegistration
java.lang.String pointOfTitleTransfer
java.lang.String giftCategory
java.lang.String timeCategory
java.lang.String hostHedge
java.lang.String timeHedge
java.lang.String velocityHedge
java.lang.String nonsensicalHedge
java.lang.String phoneHedge
java.lang.String obscenitiesHedge
java.lang.String unitOfMeasure
java.lang.String taxRate
java.lang.String totalAmount
java.lang.String discountAmount
java.lang.String discountRate
java.lang.String commodityCode
java.lang.String grossNetIndicator
java.lang.String taxTypeApplied
java.lang.String discountIndicator
java.lang.String alternateTaxID
java.lang.String alternateTaxAmount
java.lang.String alternateTaxTypeApplied
java.lang.String alternateTaxRate
java.lang.String alternateTaxType
java.lang.String localTax
java.lang.String zeroCostToCustomerIndicator
java.lang.String passengerFirstName
java.lang.String passengerLastName
java.lang.String passengerID
java.lang.String passengerStatus
java.lang.String passengerType
java.lang.String passengerEmail
java.lang.String passengerPhone
java.math.BigInteger id
